https://codepen.io/Eelli002/pen/ZEWJgOr?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML is used to describe tags with meanings such as "p" and "header".

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used as the barebones of a website. It is used to display data rather than execute tasks.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes are another way to supply data to an element when we need to include info that we don't want to render on the page.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The H1 element is used to present the main subject matter of a page, kind of like a main title. It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor and Image tags both require attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    A header.

    7. What is an id?
    We can add and ID to any element to make the CSS select it with more specificity.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    You can add an ID to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You can only add an ID to a single element.

    10. What is a class?
    Classes are like IDs but can be added to multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    You can also add a class to any element. 
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can add a class as many times as you want. 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add target="_blank" after the attribute value.
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    The alt attribute notes a text for the image in case it can not be displayed or if the user is using a screen reader.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You can reference an ID by using the #ID.
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is used to wrap the content but Div is used as a generic container.
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style and add layout to the webpage.  
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You can select every element of a certain kind by adding the name of the element before the {} or you can give a specific element a class or ID.
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can be used multiple times while an ID can only be used once. An example of when to use a class is if you want to only select every other paragraph. You would use an ID when you only want to change a specific paragraph.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We can select classes by .class.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is used to target an element within another element. EX: to select all paragraphs within the first div. The div is the parent element and the paragraph is the child.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector selects elements that are in a specific state.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform.
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{border: dotter 1px black;}
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Body{}
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Start with /* and end with */.
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd.
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls.
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It is very useful to keep track of changes.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Very often to make sure nothing is lost in event of a crash.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1. Fork a version of the repo
2. Check that your name is now on the repo
3. Add your TL as a collaborator
4. Clone the repo
5. Inside the Command Line use the CD command to navigate to the directory you was to clone the fork.
6. Clone the repo using the git clone <link to repo>
7. CD into the newly created repo using cd <repo-name>
8. Create your own branch name by using the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
9. Use code . to open the repo in VSC.
10. Use git add. to add the repo changes and make them ready for commiting.
11. Push your changes back up to your Github repo using git push -u origin branch-name.
12. Submit a pull request.
13. Go back to your forked project repo on Github, click on the Branch:master, click your name-branch and then New pull request.
14. Add your TL to the reviewers and then submit the pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 